Add support for custom 404 document (#38)
fermyon/spin-fileserver: readme.md

environment = { FALLBACK_PATH = "index.html" }
```

### Using a custom 404 document

> You can configure a `CUSTOM_404_PATH` environment variable that points to a file that will be served instead of returning a plain 404 Not Found response. If the `CUSTOM_404_PATH` environment variable is not set or points to a non-existing file, the default 404 Not Found response is returned.

Reviewer: I wonder if it's worth logging if the 404 path doesn't exist?  That seems unlikely to be intentional. Though I guess the log wouldn't show unless the dev actually hit the 404 path, and then it would be obvious anyway...

Author: You're right; perhaps I should rephrase this a bit (it might end up being more confusing than it actually is). I just wanted to reflect on what the code actually does. 

Obviously, such a scenario is not intentional. I totally agree this must be a misconfiguration.

> You can configure a `CUSTOM_404_PATH` environment variable that points to a file that will be served instead of returning a plain 404 Not Found response. If the `CUSTOM_404_PATH` environment variable is not set or points to a non-existing file, the default 404 Not Found response is returned.

Reviewer: Possibly worth noting that the custom 404 file has to be included as an asset.  (This might not "just happen" if, say, the file server was configured to serve the `/images` directory instead of the whole site.)  And that the path is the _mount_ path inside the fileserver component.  (In your example, the _source_ file would have to be `test/custom-404.html` in order to get mounted as `custom-404.html`.)

```toml

> # For more on configuring a component, see: https://spin.fermyon.dev/configuration/

Reviewer: Should this link be developer.fermyon.com?

```suggestion
# For more on configuring a component, see: https://developer.fermyon.com/spin/writing-apps#adding-environment-variables-to-components
```

Author: I'll change the link. Should I also change the link for the documentation of `FALLBACK_PATH`? 

That paragraph has the same link.

Or should I change it for `FALLBACK_PATH` in a dedicated PR to have the changes separated from each other?

Author: Modified both links from `spin.fermyon.dev` to `developer.fermyon.com`
